hello i'm kimberly halcon in Washington
these are the main stories brought to
you by al-jazeera Iran's president has
said his country may be ready to begin
preparatory work for nuclear talks that
could happen as early as october the
first time he's given a specific
timeline for possible negotiations
meanwhile i'ma Dean is not has been
defending remarks he made about the 911
attacks during a speech at the UN on
Thursday yes President Barack Obama has
condemned those comments as quote
hateful members of the UN's nuclear
watchdog have rejected a resolution
calling for Israel to join the nuclear
non-proliferation treaty or MPT the US
has urged countries to vote against the
measure saying it might jeopardize
ongoing talks between Israel and the
Palestinians Israel is widely believed
to hold the only nuclear arsenal in the
Middle East another mayor has been shot
in northern Mexico this time in the town
of Grand Marais lowes Ricardo Solis has
been taken to hospital with a gunshot
wound to the head it is the second
attack on a Mexican public official in
just 24 hours earlier fasil iana
Rodriguez the mayor of dr. Gonzalez was
shot and killed at his ranch in nueva
Leon Rodriguez's the tenth City Mayor to
be murdered this year it's not known who
was behind the killing police in
Afghanistan say a suicide bomber
targeting a NATO patrol has hit a bus
killing one child and wounding 28 others
the attack took place in the northern
city of mazar-e-sharif the bus was
carrying guests headed to a wedding
ceremony in the area three journalists
detained by NATO forces in Afghanistan
have been released including to Al
Jazeera cameraman Mohamed nadir seen
here in this photo spent two days in
detention after his home was raided by
NATO led troops on Wednesday he was
accused of spreading propaganda for the
Taliban another al Jazeera cameraman and
a radio station manager were also
released later on Friday there's been a
turnabout by officials in India who've
been touring Commonwealth Games
facilities with just nine days to go the
games federation president says there's
been quote considerable improvement on
the ground it comes after a succession
of scandals that has seen
some athletes pulling out of the event
and those of your top stories don't
forget you can stay up to date with all
of your news on our website al-jazeera
net forward slash English
you